README.md, before:

[LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/)
========

### LeetCode Algorithm


| # | Title | Solution | Difficulty |
|---| ----- | -------- | ---------- |
|680|[Valid Palindrome II](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome-ii/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/ValidPalindromeII.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/valid-palindrome-ii/)|Easy|
|678|[Valid Parenthesis String](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parenthesis-string/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/ValidParenthesisString.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/valid-string/)|Medium|
|666|[Path Sum IV](https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum-iv/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/PathSumIV.java) , [Discuss](https://discuss.leetcode.com/category/1485/path-sum-iv)|Medium|
|663|[Equal Tree Partition](https://leetcode.com/problems/equal-tree-partition/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/EqualTreePartition.java)|Medium|
|662|[Maximum Width of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-width-of-binary-tree/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/MaximumWidthOfBinaryTree.java)|Medium|
|661|[Image Smoother](https://leetcode.com/problems/image-smoother/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/ImageSmoother.java)|Easy|
|660|[Remove 9](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-9/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/Remove9.java)|Hard|
|657|[Judge Route Circle](https://leetcode.com/problems/judge-route-circle/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/JudgeRouteCircle.java)|Easy|
|650|[2 Keys Keyboard](https://leetcode.com/problems/2-keys-keyboard/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/TwoKeysKeyboard.java)|Medium|
|647|[Palindromic Substrings](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindromic-substrings/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/PalindromicSubstrings.java)|Medium|
|605|[Can Place Flowers](https://leetcode.com/problems/can-place-flowers/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/CanPlaceFlowers.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/can-place-flowers/)|Easy|
|599|[Minimum Index Sum of Two Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-index-sum-of-two-lists/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/MinimumIndexSumOfTwoLists.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/minimum-index-sum-of-two-lists/)|Easy|
|598|[Range Addition II](https://leetcode.com/problems/range-addition-ii/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/RangeAdditionII.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/range-addition-ii/)|Easy|
|594|[Longest Harmonious Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-harmonious-subsequence/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/LongestHarmoniousSubsequence.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/longest-harmonious-subsequence/)|Easy|
|593|[Valid Square](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-square/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/ValidSquare.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/valid-square/)|Medium|
|587|[Erect the Fence](https://leetcode.com/problems/erect-the-fence/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/ErectTheFence.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/erect-the-fence/)|Hard|
|566|[Reshape the Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/reshape-the-matrix/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/ReshapeTheMatrix.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/reshape-the-matrix/)|Easy|
|563|[Binary Tree Tilt](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-tilt/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/BinaryTreeTilt.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/binary-tree-tilt/)|Easy|
|561|[Array Partition I](https://leetcode.com/problems/array-partition-i/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/ArrayPartitionI.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/array-partitioning-i)|Easy|
|520|[Detect Capital](https://leetcode.com/problems/detect-capital/)| [C](./algorithms/c/DetectCapital.c)， [C++](./algorithms/cpp/DetectCapital.cpp)|Easy|
|507|[Perfect Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/perfect-number/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/PerfectNumber.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/perfect-number/)|Easy|
|486|[Predict the Winner](https://leetcode.com/problems/predict-the-winner/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/PredictTheWinner.java) |Medium|
|475|[Heaters](https://leetcode.com/problems/heaters/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/Heaters.java) |Easy|
|377|[Combination Sum IV](https://leetcode.com/problems/combination-sum-iv/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/CombinationSumIV.java) |Medium|
|338|[Counting Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-bits/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/CountingBits.java) |Medium|
|312|[Burst Balloons](https://leetcode.com/problems/burst-balloons/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/BurstBalloons.java) |Hard|
|91|[Decode Ways](https://leetcode.com/problems/decode-ways/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/DecodeWays.java) |Medium|
|43|[Multiply Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/multiply-strings/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/MultiplyStrings.java) |Medium|
|42|[Trapping Rain Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/TrappingRainWater.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/trapping-rain-water/)|Hard|
|1|[Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum)| [Java](./LeetCodeFirstRun/1. Two Sum.txt) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/two-sum)|Easy|
|2|[Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers)| [Java](./LeetCodeFirstRun/2. Add Two Numbers.txt) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/add-two-numbers)|Medium|

Commit message:

421. Maximum XOR of Two Numbers in an Array【java】最大异或值

README.md, after:

[LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/)
========

### LeetCode Algorithm


| # | Title | Solution | Difficulty |
|---| ----- | -------- | ---------- |
|680|[Valid Palindrome II](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome-ii/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/ValidPalindromeII.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/valid-palindrome-ii/)|Easy|
|678|[Valid Parenthesis String](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parenthesis-string/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/ValidParenthesisString.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/valid-string/)|Medium|
|666|[Path Sum IV](https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum-iv/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/PathSumIV.java) , [Discuss](https://discuss.leetcode.com/category/1485/path-sum-iv)|Medium|
|663|[Equal Tree Partition](https://leetcode.com/problems/equal-tree-partition/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/EqualTreePartition.java)|Medium|
|662|[Maximum Width of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-width-of-binary-tree/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/MaximumWidthOfBinaryTree.java)|Medium|
|661|[Image Smoother](https://leetcode.com/problems/image-smoother/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/ImageSmoother.java)|Easy|
|660|[Remove 9](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-9/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/Remove9.java)|Hard|
|657|[Judge Route Circle](https://leetcode.com/problems/judge-route-circle/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/JudgeRouteCircle.java)|Easy|
|650|[2 Keys Keyboard](https://leetcode.com/problems/2-keys-keyboard/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/TwoKeysKeyboard.java)|Medium|
|647|[Palindromic Substrings](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindromic-substrings/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/PalindromicSubstrings.java)|Medium|
|605|[Can Place Flowers](https://leetcode.com/problems/can-place-flowers/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/CanPlaceFlowers.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/can-place-flowers/)|Easy|
|599|[Minimum Index Sum of Two Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-index-sum-of-two-lists/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/MinimumIndexSumOfTwoLists.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/minimum-index-sum-of-two-lists/)|Easy|
|598|[Range Addition II](https://leetcode.com/problems/range-addition-ii/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/RangeAdditionII.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/range-addition-ii/)|Easy|
|594|[Longest Harmonious Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-harmonious-subsequence/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/LongestHarmoniousSubsequence.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/longest-harmonious-subsequence/)|Easy|
|593|[Valid Square](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-square/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/ValidSquare.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/valid-square/)|Medium|
|587|[Erect the Fence](https://leetcode.com/problems/erect-the-fence/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/ErectTheFence.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/erect-the-fence/)|Hard|
|566|[Reshape the Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/reshape-the-matrix/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/ReshapeTheMatrix.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/reshape-the-matrix/)|Easy|
|563|[Binary Tree Tilt](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-tilt/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/BinaryTreeTilt.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/binary-tree-tilt/)|Easy|
|561|[Array Partition I](https://leetcode.com/problems/array-partition-i/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/ArrayPartitionI.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/array-partitioning-i)|Easy|
|520|[Detect Capital](https://leetcode.com/problems/detect-capital/)| [C](./algorithms/c/DetectCapital.c)， [C++](./algorithms/cpp/DetectCapital.cpp)|Easy|
|507|[Perfect Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/perfect-number/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/PerfectNumber.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/perfect-number/)|Easy|
|486|[Predict the Winner](https://leetcode.com/problems/predict-the-winner/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/PredictTheWinner.java) |Medium|
|475|[Heaters](https://leetcode.com/problems/heaters/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/Heaters.java) |Easy|
|421|[Maximum XOR of Two Numbers in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-xor-of-two-numbers-in-an-array/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/MaximumXOROfTwoNumbersInAnArray.java) |Medium|
|377|[Combination Sum IV](https://leetcode.com/problems/combination-sum-iv/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/CombinationSumIV.java) |Medium|
|338|[Counting Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-bits/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/CountingBits.java) |Medium|
|312|[Burst Balloons](https://leetcode.com/problems/burst-balloons/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/BurstBalloons.java) |Hard|
|91|[Decode Ways](https://leetcode.com/problems/decode-ways/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/DecodeWays.java) |Medium|
|43|[Multiply Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/multiply-strings/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/MultiplyStrings.java) |Medium|
|42|[Trapping Rain Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/)| [Java](./algorithms/java/TrappingRainWater.java) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/trapping-rain-water/)|Hard|
|1|[Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum)| [Java](./LeetCodeFirstRun/1. Two Sum.txt) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/two-sum)|Easy|
|2|[Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers)| [Java](./LeetCodeFirstRun/2. Add Two Numbers.txt) , [Editorial](https://leetcode.com/articles/add-two-numbers)|Medium|
